Somewhere between better and best.
Can’t complain…I have tried, but no one listens.
If I had a tail, I would wag it! (Wriggle your hips)
I am as happy as a tick on a big, fat doggy.
Oh, stop it, will you? (Say it like he or she is complimenting you even though he or she is not.)
I love you. (This is an awesome response if you want to fluster them and catch them off-guard)
So much better now that you are with me.
At minding my own business? So much better than most people.
Wondering how you are…
Physically? Mentally? Spiritually? Financially? Socioeconomically? I am not sure what you mean.
I am still sucking…air, that is.
I am planning on taking over the world.
Not bad. Could be better, though. Could be payday.
Things could be worse – I could be you (for siblings 😉)
Hopefully, not as good as I will ever be.
Great, because my name wasn’t in today’s obituaries.
Better than I was a minute ago because you are here now.
I am better on the inside than I look on the outside.
If I was any finer, I would be China.
I would be better if you asked me out.
If I was any better, vitamins would be taking me.
Armed and ready!
My lawyer has stated that I don’t have to answer that question.
Almost like you, but better.
I could really go for a massage.
How do you want me to be? (Use a sexy tone)
I have been going through GOT in my work life. Is everything stable at your end?
I would say I am a 9.99999 out of 10.
I was fine – until you asked.
If I was doing any better, I would hire you to enjoy it with me.
I hear good things; however, you should never listen to rumors.
Like a Pitbull in a China shop.
I don’t know. Is it Friday yet?
My psychiatrist says that I shouldn’t discuss it with strangers.
I am doing a bit better than before, but not nearly as awesome as I am going to be.
I am feeling blessed!
I still have a pulse, so I must be doing good.
Better than most, but maybe not as well as others.
Doing fairly well, unless you have some contagious disease and are about to infect me 😉.
Much better than I deserve.
I think I am doing alright. How do you think that I am doing?
I don’t feel that great, but look! At least my hair looks amazing.
I am doing well…or that could be my anti-depressants speaking.
I can’t really complain, but I will still try.
Alright so far, but there is plenty of time for things to get bad.
Each day is better than the next.
Don’t ask – it’s too early to tell.
Medium-well.
Incredibly good looking.
Everything is fine when you are around.
Great, but I should warn you that I am totally biased.
Still in bed? (over the phone)
Getting better with every passing second.
What an impertinent question to ask a girl! Hmmph.
Living an amazing dream. Don’t wake me up yet. You may join me, though. There is plenty of room.
The best I can be. I hope you are at your best too.
I am feeling so good that I have to sit on my hands to stop myself from clapping.
To answer that question, I need to take you back about 12 years. Do you have a minute?
Slowly but surely dying.
Fair to partly cloudy.
Living a life of suppressed rage, emotional imbalance, and denial.
Groovy!
Well, I have got this strange itch on my right butt cheek…
Stellar, great, fantastic – but dead inside.
Oh, terrible, thank you so much!
What’s with all these questions? You a cop?
As compared to what?
You go first. Then, we can compare.
I am not so sure yet.
Living the dream! But half the time, it is a nightmare.
Not quite there yet.
Dangerously close to being fabulous.
You are looking at it, baby.
I am high-quality, 100% plant-fed. (perfect for vegans)
The doctor said I would live.
I had promised myself I would murder the next person who asked me that question. What should I do…I like you too much.
Rolling with the punches.
[*speak gibberish*]
Your attempt at social interaction to be polite is hereby acknowledged.
How much are you willing you pay me if I tell you?
WHY!? WHAT DID THEY SAY?? (Act suspicious of everything and everyone!)
Dying. Thanks.
Hunting dinosaurs. You?
Not today, Satan!
I am really just trying hard to avoid ambiguous questions at this moment.
Wondering how YOU are…
How do you think I am?
[*just stare for a minute*]
Good question. (Walk away)
Happy, and I know it. [*clap your hands*]
I will leave that up to your imagination.
It’s a secret.
Do you want the short or the detailed version?
Surviving, I guess.
Not as good as you.
Holy s**t, you can see me?! I died last week, since then…
Under renovation.
I am sober!
On a scale of one to punching someone in the face, I am at 7.5.
Trust me, you do not want to know.
Next question, please.